hello everyone and welcome to yes and
gamma on recently held e3 2014
electronics art has announced battlefield
hardline
but they not only showed the game but also
right there launched the beta version of the project
we play it and hurry you
tell what is good new battles
well or bad battlefield hardline it
new part of the famous series
multiplayer shooters only if
battlefield previously was dedicated to war
whether it be world war two or
vietnam whether war is in the future now
the series turned into such
Cossack-robbers we have cops and
we have criminals and all tasks
associated with the theft of money and other
criminal cases and this is actually
the most important problem is hardline but about
this later most people were afraid that
the new battlefield will be like a series
Payday which is widely known today
among amateurs and multiplayer shooters
mostly cooperative but it
absolutely unfounded fears because
that the battlefield in fact has not changed
all repay day we and groups of four
man shoot computer npc
the battlefield is still two teams
just now instead of
capture points on the map they perform
certain tasks in beta
There are two modes of latma not or
blood money and for hiace i mean
robbery in mode was a hoax
there is a lot of money in the middle of the card
and respectively both teams and cops and
Pristupniki should lomanut to this
heap grab as much cash as possible
and drag your vault
but the situation is complicated by the fact that
first you can shoot a man
who transfers money pick money
he and drag yourself storage or
you can brazenly steal money from
The repositories of the enemy are the team that
will collect 5 million faster 2 won
it begets a lot
opportunities and tactics because
you can win now in several ways
you don't have to break a lot of money
catch
enemies who drag their money on their
the base
it adds variety to the game
really second mode of robbery
much more interesting though as if not the first
already look like a normal game in it
the city is going armored convoy
criminals stop him blowing
everything
and then they have to perform in stages
certain actions
first they have to open the trucks they
put bombs on them and protect
respectively, until the bombs exploded
police can neutralize them if
all the same bombs exploded
then the criminals grab the loot and
try to escape shoot
Naturally from the cops if they succeed they
won if all the time the cops
prevented them from either leaving or blowing up the van
and defeated the jacket of such regimes even
never had a battlefield and this
really highlights the game but
even battlefield 4
was already more team oriented
play and honestly play alone in
it was almost meaningless if
new project goes even further on the same
the road itself
if you start playing it 1 then
most likely you will just shoot
and you will not understand what you need
do however if you play a team
you will act together someone
will be the driver someone will
shoot someone will cover
human then vat bag with money and
it will generate a huge amount
interesting situations that could not
happen in the battlefield earlier plus so
how has changed with this who changed and
gameplay it has become much faster since
cards are now smaller and you do not need to
long run to the places where everything happens
the most interesting thing more on the base
each team is transport and yet
one player rides this transport in to
the most interesting point you can like
would sleep in his car or in
helicopter plus each team has
specially fortified game
hvik in which you can also always
revive but unfortunately a little
brings transport physics because
she was some kind of a tank
galleries although there is no heavy equipment
the hardest is really here
armored car you basically will drive on
motorcycles and cars
but unfortunately they are also managed
hard as some armored cars
well at least they are now very easy
versed with automata and
machine guns for Vanyushin on maps all so
same present and it is still strong
changes the battlefield if you use that
or another trigger for example on the card in
beta versions
you can bring down the crane and if it falls
then he would like to build an extra
frankly speaking the bridge
hardline battlefield is played in
great the game has become much faster and
more dynamic and more fun especially if you
naturally there are also very friends
happy and the performance of the game which
even in beta version
produces solid fps and on weak machines
it's very funny because the battlefield
4 is still working through the stump-deck
judging by the beta of the battlefield hardline
only two problems first all
what's happening in this game doesn't have at all
no point it's a battlefield he's about
war and what we are now running for
in money
somehow not very like reality then
there are cities empty there are no people but for
several hundred thousand dollars
there is literally a war on the streets
cities and only lazy did not have time
joke on this topic but this is a niggle from
purely from the semantic point of view of gameplay
it does not interfere
the second problem is that to
Unfortunately, the hardline is somehow not very pulling
for a full game
rather on such a big dlc because
as you remember in battlefield 2 was
addition hurry odds for sosa in battlefield3
addition of claus apartments which is just
were about these shootings in close
rooms and 1
personal action with various gadgets Tom
same klups of apartments with were these hooks and
cats but hardline somehow sell like
full game even in spite of everything
applications of electronics art representatives
about the fact that they do not want to turn the series
in the pipeline but we are in this situation nothing
we can not do a conclusion on hardline
such as if you were a fan of the series and you
do not mind the money you can safely order
this is a good old battle only now
she became even faster and more fun
I advise others to pass by and not
try to find in the new battlefield
what attracts hundreds of thousands of players
around the world or you battlefield
like it or not just like a penny
but with you was a commander necessary and gamma
by the way battlefield hardline you can
preorder in our online store
the game comes out on October 21st but i'm still
I ask you to like and write
comments and repost our videos to everyone
thank you for your attention
there are commanders of detachments before communication
about which you can revive big
some of the equipment works in many modes
like spawn points also tune
secondary and anti-tank weapons
among which again there are platitudes
like rocket launchers and a lot of charger
grenade launcher